afghanistan          -oc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
akrotiri             loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
albania              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
algeria              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
american_samoa       loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
andorra              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
angola               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
anguilla             loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
antarctica           loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
antigua_and_barbuda  loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
argentina            loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
armenia              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
aruba                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
ashmore_and_cartier_islands loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
australia            loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
austria              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
azerbaijan           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
the_bahamas          loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
bahrain              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
baker_island         loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
bangladesh           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
barbados             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
belarus              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
belgium              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
belize               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
benin                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
bermuda              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
bhutan               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
bolivia              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
bosnia_and_herzegovina loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
botswana             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
bouvet_island        loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
brazil               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
british_virgin_islands loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
brunei               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
bulgaria             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
burkina_faso         loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
burma                loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
burundi              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
cambodia             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
cameroon             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
canada               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
cape_verde           loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
cayman_islands       loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
central_african_republic loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
chad                 loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
chile                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
china                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
christmas_island     loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
clipperton_island    loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
cocos_(keeling)_islands loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
colombia             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
comoros              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
democratic_republic_of_the_congo loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
republic_of_the_gongo loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:no  
cook_islands         loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
coral_sea_islands    loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
costa_rica           loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
cote_d'ivoire        loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
croatia              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
cuba                 loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
cyprus               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
czech_republic       loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
denmark              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
dhekelia             loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
djibouti             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
dominica             loc:yes wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
dominican_republic   loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
ecuador              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
egypt                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
el_salvador          loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
equatorial_guinea    loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
eritrea              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
estonia              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
ethiopia             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
falkland_islands_(islas_malvinas) loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
faroe_islands        loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
fiji                 loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
finland              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
france               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
french_polynesia     loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
french_southern_and_antarctic_lands loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
gabon                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
the_gambia           loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
gaza_strip           loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
georgia              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
germany              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
ghana                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
gibraltar            loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
greece               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
greenland            loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
grenada              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
guam                 loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
guatemala            loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
guernsey             loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
guinea               loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
guinea-bissau        loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
guyana               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
haiti                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
heard_island_and_mcdonald_islands loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
holy_see_(vatican_city) loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
honduras             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
hong_kong            loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
howland_island       loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
hungary              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
iceland              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
india                loc:yes wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
indonesia            loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
iran                 loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
iraq                 loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
ireland              loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
isle_of_man          loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
israel               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
italy                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
jamaica              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
jan_mayen            loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
japan                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
jarvis_island        loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
jersey               loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
johnston_atoll       loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
jordan               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
kazakhstan           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
kenya                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
kingman_reef         loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
kiribati             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
north_korea          loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
south_korea          loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
kuwait               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
kyrgyzstan           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
laos                 loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
latvia               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
lebanon              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
lesotho              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
liberia              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
libya                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
liechtenstein        loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
lithuania            loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
luxembourg           loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
macau                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
macedonia            loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
madagascar           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
malawi               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
malaysia             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
maldives             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
mali                 loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
malta                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
marshall_islands     loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
mauritania           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
mauritius            loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
mayotte              loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
mexico               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
federated_states_of_micronesia loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
midway_islands       loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
moldova              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
monaco               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
mongolia             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
montenegro           loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
montserrat           loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
morocco              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
mozambique           loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
namibia              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
nauru                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
navassa_island       loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
nepal                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
netherlands          loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
netherlands_antilles loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
new_caledonia        loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
new_zealand          loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
nicaragua            loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
niger                loc:yes wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
nigeria              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
niue                 loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
norfolk_island       loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
northern_mariana_islands loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
norway               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
oman                 loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
pakistan             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
palau                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
palmyra_atoll        loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
panama               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
papua_new_guinea     loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
paracel_islands      loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
paraguay             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
peru                 loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
philippines          loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
pitcairn_islands     loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
poland               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
portugal             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
puerto_rico          loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
qatar                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
romania              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
russia               loc:yes wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
rwanda               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
saint_barthelemy     loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
saint_helena         loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
saint_kitts_and_nevis loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
saint_lucia          loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
saint_martin         loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
saint_pierre_and_miquelon loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
saint_vincent_and_the_grenadines loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
samoa                loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
san_marino           loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
sao_tome_and_principe loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
saudi_arabia         loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
senegal              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
serbia               loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
seychelles           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
sierra_leone         loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
singapore            loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
slovakia             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
slovenia             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
solomon_islands      loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
somalia              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
south_africa         loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
south_georgia_and_the_south_sandwich_islands loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
spain                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
spratly_islands      loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
sri_lanka            loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
sudan                loc:yes wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
suriname             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
svalbard             loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
swaziland            loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
sweden               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
switzerland          loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
syria                loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
tajikistan           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
tanzania             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
thailand             loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
timor-leste          loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
togo                 loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
tokelau              loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
tonga                loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
trinidad_and_tobago  loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
tunisia              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
turkey               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
turkmenistan         loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
turks_and_caicos_islands loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
tuvalu               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
uganda               loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
ukraine              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
united_arab_emirates loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
united_kingdom       loc:no  wa:no  brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
united_states        loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
uruguay              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
uzbekistan           loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
vanuatu              loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
venezuela            loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
vietnam              loc:yes wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
virgin_islands       loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
wake_island          loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
wallis_and_futuna    loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
west_bank            loc:no  wa:no  brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
western_sahara       loc:no  wa:yes brit:no  ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
yemen                loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
zambia               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
zimbabwe             loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:yes ngmaps:yes wiki:yes 
taiwan               loc:no  wa:yes brit:yes ngfacts:no  ngmaps:no  wiki:yes 
